Anita and I came here to Honduras
as missionaries as single people.
And Anita came here one year before I did.
I graduated from Gilead in 1974.
I was so excited!
But on the flight to Honduras,
a feeling of loneliness
and anxiety overpowered me.
I was sitting there all by myself.
And I thought,
‘What if they forgot that I am coming
and nobody is there waiting for me
or they never got the information?’
One night
shortly after arriving in my assignment,
suddenly my bed started to shake.
And I thought, ‘What on earth is going on?’
I had no idea
because I had never experienced
an earthquake before in my life.
But then I heard a voice:
(that means in English)
“Joseph!
Come on down quickly!”
So I came down,
and I saw
my dear friends Ramon and Melody,
who came
from their house to check on me.
I was so happy to see them,
and I gave them a big bear hug.
I almost cried because of their hospitality,
friendship, and love for me.
When I stepped down from the airplane,
I saw a group of people,
and I realized:
“They are my brothers!
I am not alone.
That’s my new family,
and they are waiting for me.”
Forty years have passed
since we arrived in Honduras.
But Anita and I realize
that the love and the hospitality
and the friendship
of the brothers has not changed.
And we appreciate that very, very much.